# SideTracked Series Stats

A userscript that shows SideTracked cache stats on geocaching.com. It adds the [SideTracked](https://www.sidetrackedseries.info/) banner in the following places:

* the Stats Bar area of your account dashboard (old UI);
* the sidebar of your account dashboard (new UI)
* your public profile (old and new UIs);
* other users' profiles (old and new UIs);
* SideTracked cache pages.

On cache pages it adds the C. O.'s banner as well.

## Credits

This script was inspired by, and is based on, James Inge's [Church Micro Stats](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/9641-church-micro-stats) and works in concert with it, as you can see from the screen shots. Thanks and credit should go to James for his efforts.

The icon image is extracted from the SideTracked banner by Chris AKA Bus.Stop

__Please note:__ in order for the banner to be added to your public profile, you need to have some content in the "Bio" area (old UI) or About tab (new UI). If this area is empty, the necessary container is not generated by the site. An empty HTML comment (&#60;!-- --&#62;) is sufficient and prevents the need for unwanted output in your profile. This is also true for James' Church Micro Stats. This may be fixed in a later version.

__Update:__ This should no longer be true in the new UI.

## Version History

### Version 1.0.1

* Bumped GCStatsBannerLib version.

### Version 1.0.0

* Rewritten to use [GCStatsBannerLib](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/389508-gc-stats-banner-library).
* Updated to work on the new accounts page.

### Version 0.2.1

* Improved start-up efficiency, avoided unnecessary console output.

### Version 0.2.0

* Added a configuration dialogue which allows you to select the brand displayed on the banner.

### Version 0.1.3

* Prevented the widget from appearing on all account pages.

### Version 0.1.2

* Prevented the widget from appearing on the user dashboard page.

### Version 0.1.1

* Fixed the new account page not displaying the widget.
* Changed all URLs to use https.
* Improved display on old profile pages

### Version 0.1.0

* Updated to work with the new web site.
* Still supports the old interface.
* Added additional screen shots for Greasy fork.
* The script now doesn't check whether the badge already exists on a user's profile page because GC have moved the user content to an iframe, which causes cross-site scripting issues.

### Version 0.0.2

* Added support URL.
* Removed some unused code.
* Added screen shots for Greasy fork.
* Refined some messages.
* Formatting.

### Version 0.0.1

* Initial release.
